hey guys Dave her from tech seven
filling in for Wilson tech honestly he
wish he could be here he's been once
again stressing out Wilson stop
stressing my man so don't worry Wilson
will be back next Tuesday but guys if
you haven't heard yet blackberry came
out with most sickest tablet I've ever
seen it is called the blackberry
playbook now I might be an apple fan but
this tablet looks like a blows Apple's
iPad out of the water let's take a look
at it so guys starting off the
blackberry playbook has a 1 gigahertz
dual processor yeah I said dual
processor the PlayBook also has one gig
of ram so you know one gig ram plus dual
processor this thing is going to be
crazy good at multi-tasking the actual
screen sizes 7 inches and it's 1024 x
600 and of course is the compassion of
multi-touch screen so you know you can
be able to do gestures on and all that
couple more specs that people are gonna
like that the ipad doesn't have right
now is that it has micro USB so even be
able to plug this into your your pc or
mac and to be able to you know come
right up probably drop files onto it but
also what it has that the ayodhya
doesn't have is a micro HDMI so you're
gonna be able to plug this to your HDTV
so like that monitor right there
supports 1080p so I'm gonna be able to
hook up the blackberry playbook right to
this 24 inch monitor and watch full
1080p of clips and movies and all my
media stuff on any big screen so this is
only 24 inches so if you guys have like
one goes massive 50 inch HD TVs at your
house you're gonna be able to hook this
thing right up to it and it's just going
to be awesome media hub now because
we're in the neighborhood of HD this
thing comes out with a couple more HD
features first off they say that this
processor is so good that it's gonna be
able to playback full 1080p footage on
your device also this thing has to yeah
not just one but two HD cameras on it so
in the back has a 5-megapixel camera
that can shoot in 1080p footage on top
of that as of three megapixel
front-facing camera so not VGA or 1.3
megapixels three point oh
megapixels and I'll show shoots in HD so
we don't know the front facing cameras
1080 also but most likely it's 720 in
the front and 1080 on the back and uh
what's wrong with that yeah I know I
should never run my words again sorry of
course no hardware is even usable no
matter how good the specs are if the
software running it is not good our the
OS does look awesome on this thing uh
looks like multitasking is going awesome
everything looks really nice neat well
according to the video everything looks
like it's really smooth and we can't
wait to get our hands on it so yeah they
just released the sdk for this so all
you programmers out they're gonna hit
that up and try and make some ass for it
and uh yeah I'm very excited about the
new BlackBerry PlayBook you know we're
going to see what this can take us and
what this leads to this prize going to
leave for Apple and Android tablets to
the step up their game because this
thing honestly blows out every other
tablet of the water so what this has
been a day from tech 7 and i'll see you
guys friday